Three teams and two teams, now who leaves and who stays.
Auntie, don't cry, it won't be a problem after a few sessions.
Allow the world to still have teleportation machines.
Is there anything else that is just a coincidence? My father and my brother have already gone to the power station to fix the problem.
Auntie, it fell into the hands of the black wolf.
Father, I have already agreed,
You go and give it to me again. Not like today.
Why haven't I agreed yet?
This is none of your business.
This infinite and patient, seems to follow me.
Grab this.
These consciousnesses have not yet been explained
Auntie has the right to explain
I've always helped you, this animal.
First, it takes an hour to play.